# WebMGA
### WebGL Molecular Graphics Application

[WebMGA](https://astromarx.github.io/WebMGA) is an evolution of [QMGA](http://qmga.sourceforce.net). It is based on WebGL and written in JavaScript with [three.js](https://threejs.org/) and [React Suite](https://rsuitejs.com/), while QMGA is based on OpenGL and Qt 3 and written in C++. The main advantage of WebMGA is that it can be run straight away in a web browser, while QMGA needs to be compiled and installed, which may reveal cumbersome and currently is supported only for Linux.

WebMGA was developed by Eduardo Battistini Parra in 2020-21 for his final project within the BSc Computer Science at University College London supervised by Guido Germano, Tobias Ritschel and Michael P. Allen.

WebMGA includes a small library of liquid crystal configurations generated by Michael P. Allen. Please find an educational description of these systems in the 'About' section of WebMGA.

If you use pictures produced with WebMGA in a scientific publication, please cite with a text like:

“The pictures were produced with WebMGA [1], an evolution based on WebGL of QMGA [2].”

1. Eduardo Battistini Parra, “WebMGA, a WebGL Molecular Graphics Application for the Interactive Rendering of Coarse-Grained Liquid Crystal Models”, BSc Thesis in Computer Science, UCL, 2021, https://astromarx.github.io/WebMGA.
2. Adrian T. Gabriel, Timm Meyer, Guido Germano, "Molecular graphics of convex-body fluids", Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation 4, 468-476, 2008,  DOI 10.1021/ct700192z, http://qmga.sourceforce.net.

### License

Copyright 2021. Carlos Eduardo Battistini Parra.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.